Restructure and improve docs (#84)
projectsyn/lieutenant-operator: README.md

Kubernetes Operator which implements the backend for [Lieutenant API](https://github.com/projectsyn/lieutenant-api).

The operator keeps inventory about all the tenants and clusters in a SYN managed k8s cluster.

> It also handles the management of some requirements like Git Repositories and secret management. It can automatically populate Git repositories with skeleton files when a new cluster is added. It will also generate a Steward secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also handles the management of some requirements like Git repositories and secret management: It can automatically populate Git repositories with template files when a new cluster is added. It will also generate a token to be used by Steward.
```
